Launch (#16)
volkamerlab/volkamerlab_org: content/projects/ratar.md

---
title: Ratar
date: 2020-03-03
publishdate: 2020-03-03
weight: 10
nav: false
people:
- key: dominique.sydow
- key: andrea.volkamer
external_resources:
- name: ratar
  link: https://github.com/volkamerlab/ratar
  icon: github
  more: Binding site comparison tool (WIP)
funding:
- name: Bundesministerium für Bildung und Forschung, grant ID 031A262C
- name: Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG), grant ID VO 2353 / 1-1
  link: "https://gepris.dfg.de/gepris/projekt/391684253?language=en&the="
publications:
- sydow2019
---

How to probe and validate a potential target remains one of the key questions in basic research in life sciences.
In the DFG-project **Read-Across the Targetome** (*ratar*), we will use binding site similarity to predict off-targets and
to extrapolate compound information from one target to another.
This similarity-based knowledge transfer can suggest tool compounds (chemical probes) and
off-targets for proteins of interest using the ever-growing amount of available target and compound data.

<!--more-->

> {{< xfigure src="/images/research/ratar.png" caption="ratar" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< xfigure src="/images/research/ratar.png" caption="Read-across the targetome (*Ratar*) strategy" >}}
```

> {{< xfigure src="/images/research/ratar.png" caption="Read-across the targetome (*Ratar*) strategy" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< xfigure src="/images/research/ratar.png" caption="Read-across the targetome (*Ratar*) aims to support off-target or polypharmacology studies for a query target using (structural) binding site comparison. Known binders of the most similar binding sites are proposed as tool compounds for the query target." >}}
```
